STARTS WITH BACKEND

1. npm init -y (package.json)
2. npm i express dotenv mongoose jsonwebtoken stripe cloudinary cookie-parser bcryptjs ioredis
3. npm i nodemon -D

4. on package.json changes:
    a. the main to backend/server.js
    b. changes the script to:
        "dev": "nodemon backend/server.js" (this will restarting the file whenever you have some changes)
        "start": "node backend/server.js"
    c. add | "type": "module",

5. to start the server just make a .env file then on server.js import express and dotenv
    this the code:
        dotenv.config();
        const app = express();
        const PORT = process.env.PORT || 5000;
        app.listen(PORT, () => {
            console.log("Server is running on http://localhost" + PORT);
        });

6. Make authentification
    a. base code for router:
        import express from "express";
        const router = express.Router();
        export default router
    b. base code for controller:
        just copy paste from the func that on auth.route.js
        then back to auth.route.js then insert the name of const on that file
        and dont forget to add .js in the end of import on controller

7. Connect to database mongoose
    a. make a new database -> make a new cluster then copy the password -> copy the string and paste it to .env and dont forget to replace the password and after "mongodb.net /(databasename)?"
    b. make a folder name lib then make a file name db.js means database and base code is on db.js
    c. add a code on server.js and connectDB() dan import connectDB from lib db.js
    d. on website mongoDB go network access then add IP ADDRESS -> allow access from anywhere -> confirm

8. Make user model
    make userSchema for cust: name, email, pass (also hushing the password)

9. Testing the func working or not using POSTMAN
    a. changes all the func on auth.route to POST method
    b. test if the hash password woking or not

10. Make access token and refresh token (authentification) use upstash
    a. make a new one -> connect to database copy from node and make a new file name redis.js
    b. setup the refresh token and access token then make authentification
    c. update res.status password dihilangkan
    d. bisa cek udah jalan cookie dan refreshtoken, accesstoken dari POSTMAN nya

11. SETUP untuk logout
    a. make a func that if user want to logout they req the refresh token from cookie to delete it from redis
    